Deprecate StringConcatenateAssignmentNode (#183)
eisop/checker-framework: dataflow/manual/content.tex

\end{workinprogress}

\begin{workinprogress}
``Could be desugared'' on ``StringConcatenateAssignment'' and ``Conversion
``Could be desugared'' on ``Conversion
nodes'' was confusing.  What is the design rationale for
desugaring in the Dataflow Framework?   Discuss that.  Here, at least
forward-reference to \autoref{sec:desugaring}, if that's relevant. \\
More generally, for any cases that will be discussed in the text, add a
forward reference to the section with the discussion.
\end{workinprogress}

> \begin{workinprogress}

Reviewer: Please add something about the desugaring in sec:desugaring.

Author: fixed.

    \item Once we decided to make conversion nodes explicit it made
      sense to desugar compound assignments.  A compound assignment
      like \begin{verbatim}Integer i; i += 3;\end{verbatim} or

>       \begin{verbatim}String s; s += "a";\end{verbatim} performs

Reviewer: This sentence talks about boxing of `i`, which doesn't make sense in the string example.
Maybe string compound concatenation should be a separate item in this list?

Author: Yeah, will start a new item here, I think it is a suitable place.

>       all compound assignments greatly reduced the total number of
>       node classes.
> 
>     \item Also, we desugared string concatenation assignments. A string
>       concatenation assignment like \begin{verbatim}String s; s += "str";
>       \end{verbatim} is represented as \begin{verbatim}String s; s = s + "str";
>       \end{verbatim} in CFGs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      all compound assignments greatly reduced the total number of
      node classes.

    \item String concatenation assignments are also desugared. A string
      concatenation assignment like
      \begin{verbatim}String s; s += "str";\end{verbatim} is represented as
      \begin{verbatim}String s; s = s + "str";\end{verbatim} in CFGs.
      This avoids duplicating the same logic that is necessary in assignment
      and concatenation nodes, which was error prone.

```

Author: Thanks, done.
